add disable public endpoint (#16147)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection-serverless.md

    >
    > When you connect to a TiDB Serverless cluster, you must include the prefix for your cluster in the user name and wrap the name with quotation marks. For more information, see [User name prefix](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#user-name-prefix).

> ## Disable Public Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable a public endpoint
```

> Users can disable the public endpoint of a TiDB Serverless cluster to prevent connection from the Internet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not need to use a public endpoint of a TiDB Serverless cluster, you can disable it to prevent connection from the Internet:
```

> If you do not need to use a public endpoint of a TiDB Serverless cluster, you can disable it to prevent connection from the Internet:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not need to use a public endpoint of a TiDB Serverless cluster, you can disable it to prevent connections from the internet:
```

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

> 2. Click **Network** in the left navigation bar and click **Disable** in right pane. A confirmation dialog is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Network** in the left navigation bar and click **Disable** in the right pane. A confirmation dialog is displayed.
```

> 2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation bar and click **Disable** in right pane. A confirmation dialog is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation bar and click **Disable** in the right pane. A confirmation dialog is displayed.
```

> 2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation bar and click **Disable** in the right pane. A confirmation dialog is displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation pane and click **Disable** in the right pane. A confirmation dialog is displayed.
```

3. Click **Disable** in the confirmation dialog.

> After disabling, the **Public** entry in the **Endpoint Type** drop-down list in the connect pane is disabled. If users are still trying to access the cluster from Public Endpoint, an error will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After disabling the public endpoint, the **Public** entry in the **Endpoint Type** drop-down list in the connect pane is disabled. If a client tries to access the cluster from the public endpoint, an error will be returned.
```

> After disabling, the `Public` entry in the **Endpoint Type** drop-down list in the connect pane is disabled. If users are still trying to access the cluster from public endpoint, an error will be returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After disabling the public endpoint, the `Public` entry in the **Endpoint Type** drop-down list of the connect dialog is disabled. If users are still trying to access the cluster from the public endpoint, they will get an error.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Disable the public endpoint won't affect existing connections. It only prevents new connections from the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Disabling the public endpoint does not affect existing connections. It only prevents new connections from the Internet.
```

> > Disabling the public endpoint does not affect existing connections. It only prevents new connections from the Internet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Disabling the public endpoint does not affect existing connections. It only prevents new connections from the internet.
```

> Users can also enable the public endpoint after disabling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can re-enable the public endpoint after disabling it:
```

1. Navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page.

> 2. Click **Network** in the left navigation bar and click **Enable** in right pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Network** in the left navigation bar and click **Enable** in the right pane.
```

> 2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation bar and click **Enable** in right pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation bar and click **Enable** in the right pane.
```

> 2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation bar and click **Enable** in the right pane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click **Networking** in the left navigation pane and click **Enable** in the right pane.
```
